so you have fun at the bachelor party
last night oh yeah yeah look what I got
look at I got see she's fully dressed
right and then and then you click it and
oh she's naked and then you click it
again and she's dressed she's a
businesswoman she's walking down the
street she's window shopping and all
hi hello you know what I'm gonna spend
some alone time with the pen I'm sorry I
was an idiot big idiot a big idiot since
you have to realize this this whole mark
thing is really hard for me honey why is
it hard we've been together for almost a
year now well I was with Carol for like
eight years and I lost her and now if
it's possible I think I love you even
more so it's hard for me to believe I'm
not gonna well it someone else isn't
gonna take you away but it'd be me
but a few
that's very sweet
it just seems to me though that if two
people love each other and trust each
other like we do there's no reason to be
jealous I gotta get going
right yeah oh okay Russ listen this pens
getting kind of boring so can you pick
me up some porn oh I've got to go pick
up Ben we've got a play date this
afternoon
Oh with you just this woman I met the
last time at the party there is a woman
this stripper yeah you have play date
with a stripper man I got to get a kid
yeah yeah we started talking after she
you know did a thing and it turns out
she's got a boy about Ben's age so we're
gonna take the kids to a Gymboree class
is that okay sure
is she married oh no are you jealous
no I you know I just don't see why she
has to play with you that's all I mean
doesn't she you know have any other
stripper mom friends of her own
you are totally jealous I'm not jealous
all right this is about people feeling
certain things you know about strippers
and you know and honey I like you too
bye wait
Wow
there's a kiss he won't forget for a few
hours now yeah either that or you just
turn them on and send him off to a
stripper
you